Previously on How to Get Away
with Murder...
Somebody killed him,
burned his body,
then misplaced it!
-We're gonna find it.
-You better.
Otherwise, you're
gonna have a lot of people
thinking there's
a conspiracy going on.
Say something else
about my boys.
You didn't just neglect them.
You molested them.
It looks worse than it feels.
They hurt you.
Oliver: I erased
Annalise's phone that night.
Connor: I know.
Yeah, but I saved a copy.
If you have
anything to say,
you need to say it
through your lawyer.
I fired the guy.
I'm gonna represent myself.
Someone signed off
on having his body transferred
to another morgue.
Who is it?
You.
[ Door closes ]
Hey.
♪
[ Cellphone ringing ]
[ Beep ]
Hello?
[ Sighs ] Hey.
Damn.
Yeah, they got me
pretty good.
Atwood's targeting me,
too.
My signature ended up
on the form
to transfer Wes' body.
You sure it's her?
Yeah, I was asking
too many questions.
You need to go to Denver,
tell him.
I know.
I'm just not sure
that's all they got on me.
Nate?
I was at your house
that night.
Wes: Hey.
Annalise up there?
♪
No.
Door was open.
The detectives let you go?
You're in on this.
No.
You should take the deal
they're offering.
They're gonna take her down
eventually.
For what?
Sinclair, Sam,
framing me.
You sure you want to go down
for all that?
She chooses herself
every time.
You're wrong.
I've been in your place,
thinking you owe her things.
I just need to talk
to her.
So she can play you again?
She knew my mother.
Nate: He said you were
looking out for him...
ever since
he was a kid...
...got him
into law school.
Wes: She's not who people
make her out to be.
Of course she is.
Then why has she protected me
even when I didn't deserve it?
What's that mean?
I've done
awful things to her.
Like...?
Wes.
Leave.
[ Cellphone ringing ]
[ Beep ]
Lahey here.
Gibbins walked out on us.
You know anything about that?
Why would I?
You were standing outside
of his interrogation room
the last time I saw you,
so...
I don't know where he is.
I left him there.
If anybody
checks my phone,
they'll see I was
at the house that night.
[ Sniffles ]
Thank you for telling me.
Stop.
You didn't
have to do that.
He died
'cause I left him there.
Don't thank me
for anything.
We'll fix this.
I promise you.
We're gonna fix it.
Annalise:
Thank you all for coming.
I know you didn't have to.
You could have just...
run off to Brazil already.
Is that really
an option?
I failed.
I promised to protect you all,
and I didn't.
I tried, but...
the D.A. offered Wes immunity.
It would make sense
to come to you next.
AK, come on.
You know we all have your back.
We don't know that.
The D.A. really wants to
take me down for this.
And I would imagine
that anything that they offered
would be hard to turn down.
Oh, my God.
I'm sorry.
Did you really call us here
to beg us not to
tattle on you?
No. And I'm sorry
if it's coming off that way.
Yeah. Yeah, it is.
Laurel, please,
just sit down.
Why aren't we talking
about going after
the people who killed Wes?
We don't know
who killed him.
He testified
against Charles Mahoney
a week before he died.
It's not that simple.
It is...
and we should do something.
These people
are dangerous.
So what -- we're just
gonna sit around
and act weak and victim-y?
No one's acting like
a victim.
You are.
Have you said your peace?
Can I go?
[ Door slams ]
♪
Connor: Hack it.
You hack it.
I don't know how,
obviously.
Well, then,
there's your answer.
Oliver, what if
she's hiding something?
Then I think we should
respect her wishes,
and let it stay hidden.
[ Scoffs ]
Is that why you
saved a copy?
Because I think you did
because your gut's telling you
that Annalise is
being sketchy.
You didn't see her that night.
She was a wreck.
Maybe 'cause she killed Wes.
Have you ever considered that?
You don't really believe that,
do you?
I don't know
what I believe.
That's why I'm asking you
to go through
what was on her phone.
If we don't find anything,
great.
I have to look
for a new job
now that Annalise is
pretty much fired.
Otherwise, we're both gonna be
sleeping on Michaela's couch.
Well, you're not gonna need
a job when the police find out
you're sitting on
illegally-obtained evidence.
What if we found out
something terrible?
I'd rather stay
blissfully ignorant.
This isn't about us, Oliver.
It's about Wes.
If Annalise had anything to do
with him dying
a horrible, horrible death,
then the world
needs to know that.
[ Sighing ]
Hopefully, there's
a Nate peen pic on here,
or something.
[ Beeping ]
There's this case in Missouri.
It was a gang shooting.
They had
three defendants charged
with second-degree murder,
until the police lost the body.
Judge threw out
the whole case.
They lost the body
before the M.E. did an autopsy
in that case.
So we file some motion
about them hiding evidence.
That's not how this works.
Why not?
The fact
that you don't know
is exactly why you should
re-hire your lawyer.
Did you just imply
I'm stupid?
You're acting stupid.
Even the fact
that we're meeting here.
It makes it look like
you and Annalise are colluding,
which is...
maybe what you want.
What's that
supposed to mean?
I told you to go look
for Wes at the house.
The next thing I hear...
he's dead.
He wasn't at the house
when I got there.
I'm innocent.
Call your lawyer,
hire him back.
Not gonna happen.
Wait!
[ Sighs ]
How's everyone doing?
Laurel's fine.
No! That's not -- Bon!
[ Door slams ]
♪
Nate: [ Echoing ]
Atwood's targeting me, too.
My signature ended up
on the form
to transfer Wes' body.
We'll fix this.
[ Echoing ]
We're just gonna sit around
and act weak and victim-y?
Annalise: "Attention,
Ingrid Peters, Esquire.
Pennsylvania Office
of the Deputy Attorney General.
My name is Annalise Keating,
and this is a demand letter
seeking a grand-jury
investigation
into a conspiracy
launched against me
by the Philadelphia
District Attorney's Office."
[ Knock on door ]
Howard?
Call me "Howie."
Got it.
♪
"This letter serves
as a formal complaint
in petition for investigation
into prosecutorial misconduct
committed
by A.D.A. Renee Atwood.
The following is a list
of her unlawful actions.
Acting on personal bias
and false information,
Ms. Atwood arrested and held me
without probable cause,
just by the confession
by a career criminal,
Frank Delfino."
You know,
this is a big case.
Well, that's why
I'm paying you big bucks.
"A.D.A. Atwood orchestrated
the disappearance
of the victim's body,
thereby tampering with evidence
and obstructing a fair
and impartial trial."
What do you think?
It's war.
Exactly.
"I demand you launch
an immediate grand-jury
investigation
into A.D.A. Atwood.
If no action is taken..."
Ingrid: "...I will
personally see to it
that the corruption
in this office
is publicly
and irreparably exposed."
These are big claims.
I was left
with no other choice.
Actually, there are
a lot of other choices
besides invoking
the power of the State.
I know my legal options.
I also know
how important it is
for the
Attorney General's Office
to investigate any charges
of prosecutorial misconduct.
Please, if every
criminal in the state
was allowed to file suit
because their D.A. was being
a little overzealous --
Look at my face.
Do you not think
this constitutes a lawsuit?
I'm sorry.
Are you now claiming
A.D.A. Atwood
physically assaulted you?
Worse!
She disappeared
a young man's body
in order to frame me
for murder.
Please do not
raise your voice.
Can you imagine
what would happen
if this got slipped
to the press?
The corruption scandal that
would follow your whole career?
There goes any chance at a
judgeship or congressional seat.
Is that what you want?
This office does not
tolerate threats.
Find that body.
Otherwise,
it won't just be a threat.
Denver: I will not stand by
and let baseless accusations
be leveled
at any of my prosecutors.
And I won't stand by while you
frame my client for murder.
You think Ingrid Peters
is gonna take
Keating's accusations
seriously?
She better. Otherwise,
we'll take it to the FBI.
There are bodies piling up
around this woman,
and you think
she deserves justice?
Renee...
Excuse me?
What about that poor young man
who was burnt to a crisp?
Where's his justice?
We'll see you
at the grand jury.
We can hit you back,
Ms. Winterbottom.
This office has files on
everyone in Ms. Keating's life.
You, her students...
Are you really sure
you want to go down this road?
We're already there.
[ Footsteps depart ]
[ Door opens, closes ]
They'll probably offer us
the same deal as Wes.
I mean, we know everything
that he did.
Dude, shut up.
I will go Red Wedding
on anyone who rats out Annalise.
Even Laurel,
because where is she?
She seemed pissed enough
to go get herself a deal.
She's at home...grieving.
So she's at the police station.
Dude, the D.A. would have
already come to us
if they wanted
to offer us a deal.
Mm, that's not true.
Okay, we've been back at school
for five minutes.
Can we at least pretend
to study?
So why haven't
they approached us yet?
A million reasons,
especially if this is a...
[ Cellphone vibrating ]
...conspiracy,
like Annalise claims it is.
Stop talking.
Annalise was closer to Wes
than any of us.
Maybe it was
a crime of passion, or --
I said to stop talking.
Oh, my God, do you think
she has this room bugged?
Hello?
♪
I can't make Laurel
not be mad at you.
She gets to be mad
right now,
and whatever other emotions
she's feeling.
It's called the grief process,
so don't try and trick me
into making you two besties
or something.
That's not why
I called you here.
Of course it is.
Can I just speak?
I know you, Annalise,
and, yes,
I just called you Annalise,
which I think is appropriate,
considering where we are
in our relationship.
You can call me
whatever you want.
I just did.
And frankly...
I am your biggest advocate
right now.
So just admit
what you need
rather than
whatever game this is.
You're right.
Okay? You're right.
Bonnie said you've been
holding everyone up.
That doesn't surprise me.
I'm just...sorry
that you're in this position.
But it is what it is
right now.
You're the one
they listen to, so...
I'm just asking
if there's anyone
I need to be
worried about right now.
Everyone's fine.
You sure?
Yes.
Because
like you just said,
I've been cleaning up
all your mess
while you've been in jail.
Is that all?
Okay.
Ingrid: So, you admit
that's your signature?
Yes.
But you didn't sign it?
Nope.
So you think someone
who had access to your signature
forged this?
Seems that way.
Do you have theories
about who forged it?
Can't say.
Nate:
You got the State involved?!
I told them
to look into Atwood.
Well, now she's looking into me.
Your signature is on that form.
You were gonna
be investigated either way.
Not by the State!
You seriously think
this lady's
gonna charge
her own prosecutor?
She will once she finds out
they're setting you up.
If she finds out! We don't know
how high this goes!
Nate --
These people
only protect their own.
I know these people,
how to manage them.
Maybe before...but they think
you're a joke now.
Stop trying to help me.
It only
makes things worse.
[ Click ]
We could
pull the complaint.
No.
Find out where Oliver is.
[ Keyboard clacking ]
[ Beeping ]
[ Knock on door ]
Mind if I come in?
Of course not.
Yeah.
[ Door closes ]
Connor told me
you got out on bail,
which I guess is cause
for congratulations.
Or something.
[ Sighs ]
Is everything okay?
That depends.
On...?
If we're still good.
"Good"?
Well, a lot has changed
since we last spoke.
Yeah, well, not for me.
Well,
let me just say this --
Oliver...there's no reason
for you to protect me.
We both know that...
but you've been very steady.
And it means a lot to me,
especially right now.
It means a lot to me,
too.
So...is it
the D.A.'s Office again?
You need me to do a little
hacky McHackerson for you?
It's easier than that.
♪
[ Knock on door ]
Janice said
you needed me?
Look.
[ Door closes ]
This bitch.
I'm no joke.
Castillo!
[ Pounding on door ]
Open the door,
or I'll call your landlord.
Hey. We brought, uh,
cookies.
Oh, I'm not hungry.
Everyone's hungry
for dessert.
Come on. Yummy, yummy, yummy
in your tummy, tummy, tummy.
Who's in there?
Uh, no one.
Michaela!
Who are you?
Uh...a friend.
♪
I'll be in touch.
Wait, are you banging that dude?
No.
Banging him is fine.
Doing other things is not.
Who is he?
Private investigator.
Are you a moron?
What, like "Veronica Mars"?
Before you yell at me...
look at what he found.
Sylvia Mahoney submitted DNA
to a lab for analysis
five days before Wes' death.
So? My whole family
had that done.
Actually, I found out
that I have some Japanese
in my genes.
She did the DNA test
on Wes, idiot.
They must have found out
he was Wallace's son.
That's why they killed him.
[ Cellphone vibrating ]
Hello?
Annalise. Hi.
So, it's true?
You got out on bail?
Yeah.
[ Chuckles ]
That's great.
Isn't it?
Of course. I'm relieved.
Everything okay?
Yes, everything's fine.
I just called
the minute I heard.
The Board's nervous,
right?
What?
They think I'm gonna ask
to go back to work.
Tell them to relax.
I know I'm fired.
No.
I'm crazy, but I'm not so crazy
to think that they'd let me
within 100 yards
of that campus.
Look, just don't think
about any of that right now.
You're out of jail.
And that's a great thing,
so...do you need anything --
clothes,
help finding a place to stay?
No, I'm good.
I actually have an appointment
about to start, so...
Oh, okay.
Just call me
if you need anything...
or if you want to go
to a meeting.
I will.
♪
[ Lock turns ]
[ Keys jingle ]
[ Door closes ]
Talk.
Laurel hired
a private investigator.
He found this.
The Mahoneys
ran a DNA test on Wes.
They knew who he was.
Possibly.
You're just like Wes.
You dig when I tell you not to.
You ask questions about things
you can't understand.
This proves
they killed Wes.
No, what it proves is,
you don't listen.
What did I tell you
about these people?
Tell me what I said.
This could mean that Atwood
is working with the Mahoneys
to frame you.
You could take this
to the police.
The police who are
trying to set me up?
You can at least try.
These people
will hurt us, all of us.
That's what they did to me.
I was pregnant, eight months,
and they murdered my baby.
♪
I was just like you...
just trying to do
the right thing,
stood up to them...
[ Inhales deeply ]
...and they destroyed
my life.
We have to do whatever it takes
to stay safe.
That's what's important
right now.
Wes deserved
so much better than you.
[ Door opens, closes ]
♪
[ Water stops ]
[ Sighs ]
[ Pills rattle ]
[ Exhales sharply ]
Hi. Um...
Laurel didn't mean that.
Yes, she did.
But that's all right.
I'm sorry
about your baby.
And, uh...Wes, too.
I...
I know how close
you both were,
and...this all...
this all just really...
sucks.
Anyway, maybe I shouldn't
have said anything.
I-I just want to
let you know
that I haven't forgotten
about what you did for me.
Asher.
Yeah?
You don't need
to worry about me.
[ Footsteps depart ]
Michaela: Yeah,
you should listen to her.
Worry about Laurel,
the D.A.'s Office
coming after us, not Annalise.
She's a human being.
At the very least,
she deserves our sympathy.
[ Scoffs ]
Oh.
Say, "She's a human
and deserves our sympathy."
You have my sympathy because
you're a blind, trusting fool.
[ Sighs ]
Micky?
I told you
never to call me that.
Yeah, I know.
I was hoping it would disarm you
for what I'm about to say.
[ Sighs ]
What if Connor was
the anonymous source?
[ Chuckling ] What?
Think about it,
why it took him so long
to show up at the hospital
that night.
He was sexing Thomas.
Or he was at the police station
signing his own immunity deal.
No.
We're not doing this.
Okay, well, why does he keep
pushing us to turn on Annalise?
Okay, do you know why families
turn on each other?
Because one family member
starts talking crap
about another
family member.
And then boom,
it's The Borgias.
I'm just saying,
we should ask him --
Mm!
You will do nothing
of the sort.
You will forget we ever had
this conversation
and promise to never
bring it up again.
Yes?
Michaela...
Unh!
The only appropriate
answer here is to nod.
[ Mating Ritual's
"Thief" plays ]
A dead baby is pretty much
the only guaranteed thing
to make you feel bad
for someone.
You're being so mean.
Well, this is Annalise
we're talking about.
Yeah, but people rarely
make up stories
about their dead children,
so...maybe you could --
I don't know --
believe the poor woman for once,
especially with the way
her face is looking right now.
How do you know
how her face looks?
Was she here?
Why?
[ Sighs ]
She needed me
to leak that article.
Are you sure?
Yes.
What's your problem?
[ Scoffs ]
You don't...think
it's a little convenient
that she came over
at the exact same time
that you're hacking
her phone?
No, I think you're
being paranoid.
And you're being naive.
Okay, I'm being naive.
And yet, here I am,
going through her phone records
because you wanted me to.
By the way,
you never told me
that she called you over
to the house that night.
Uh, yeah, I did.
No, I knew she left a message
for Laurel and Wes,
but not you.
I got the voicemail
the next day.
Why are you asking me
about this?
No reason.
[ Beeping ]
♪ The gold is duller
to my eyes ♪
♪ But I'll hang here
until I'm blind ♪
No naked Nate pics, huh?
Straight people
are so boring.
Laurel: You can
all stop stalking me.
It's not like
I'm gonna go crazy or anything.
No one would blame you
if you did.
You've been through
a lot.
I'm fine.
Good.
I'll tell Frank.
He asked about you.
[ Sighs ]
Did you know her
when she was pregnant?
I was a 1-L.
Was she happy?
Happier.
[ Sighs ]
♪ Oh, oh, oh ♪
I can make you
an appointment.
♪ Oh, oh, oh ♪
If you make a decision
that you're worried
people will judge you for.
♪ Oh, oh, oh ♪
Annalise.
We can tell her
you had a miscarriage.
♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh ♪
♪ Whoa, oh, oh ♪
You're just as bad
as her.
[ Telephone ringing ]
[ Beep ]
Hello?
Automated voice: You are
receiving a call from an inmate
at Philadelphia County Prison.
This call is being recorded.
To accept the charges,
press 3.
♪
[ Beep ]
Frank: Bonnie?
You there?
We're being recorded.
Look...Bonnie,
I've been thinking
about things, and...
I just want you
to know that...
I'm doing everything I can
for our case.
So if you need anything
from me...
at all...
I'm here to help.
Whatever you want.
[ Beep ]
[ Dial tone ]
♪
[ Cellphone ringing, vibrating ]
Yes?
It's Ingrid Peters.
I'm rejecting your request
for a grand-jury investigation.
Excuse me?
You leaked this article
to the press.
I didn't have anything to do
with a leaked article.
Let me be blunt.
If you continue to spread
these ridiculous
conspiracy theories
about the D.A.'s Office,
I will order Mr. Denver
to go not only
for life in prison on your case,
but the death penalty.
That is what
I call a threat.
[ Click ]
♪
Annalise: So, I guess
you're my sponsor now.
Oh. Don't say that.
Makes it sound
too official.
Thank you.
[ Sighs ]
Sorry I can't take your case
after all that.
That's fine.
No. It's not.
'Cause your only
real chance of winning
was if I was
representing you, so...
[ Chuckles ]
You good?
How's your case going?
You don't have to talk
about it.
It's a good sign
that you're out on bail,
though, right?
I thought you said
we didn't have to talk
about this.
I'm sorry. I...
I just can't imagine
what you must be going through.
♪
Oh! [ Laughs ]
Um...so there's
a huge controversy going on
about the naming rights
for the new wing
of the law library.
Why are you here?
I just came to make sure
you were okay.
We can't have
a glorified accident attorney
as our namesake.
Just call me
if you need anything.
What did she offer you?
Excuse me?
Atwood.
Did she promise
to get you custody of your kids?
Don't make me feel like
a bigger fool than I already do.
[ Sighs ]
They're my children.
You'd do the same thing
if you were in my shoes.
♪
Annalise:
We should just kill her.
What?
Atwood. She's a cancer.
The important thing is,
you found out.
What does that get me?
Peace of mind while I go to jail
for the rest of my life?
Tell them Nate was
at the house that night.
I can just suggest
they look at his phone records.
No.
It gives them another suspect
who isn't you.
Is this really
who you want to be?
The people who burn down
everything around them,
everyone around them?
I don't.
I'm going to bed.
Bonnie?
Frank have a lawyer yet?
♪
[ Door buzzes ]
Michaela:
Where's Oliver?
He's at home,
looking for a new job.
Which is a better use of time
than us being here.
[ Sighs ]
The judge needs to see
that the people that loved Wes
think Annalise is innocent.
Do we think she's innocent?
Here he goes again.
Stop.
Stop what?
Why don't you say "Hi"
to your buddy Atwood over there?
You could thank her
for the deal she got you.
What deal?
He's drunk,
and the judge is coming.
So put your penises away.
[ Door opens ]
Mr. Delfino, since you've
called us all here today,
why don't we let you begin.
Thank you, Your Honor.
I'd like to file
a subpoena duces tecum
for all of A.D.A. Atwood's
personal correspondence
on the day
the victim's body was lost.
Denver:
Objection, Your Honor.
Ms. Atwood's correspondence is
protected from disclosure
by the
Work Product Doctrine.
An exception has to be made
when there's a missing body, no?
Our people are closing in
on where the body is.
Yeah, but at that point, the
chain of custody will be broken,
all because A.D.A. Atwood
lost the body on purpose.
Mr. Delfino is
only arguing this motion
at the direction
of Annalise Keating,
who was warned
about such actions.
Your Honor, my client has had no
communication with Mr. Delfino.
Oh, please, Ms. Winterbottom
went to visit Mr. Delfino
this morning.
Yes, to convince him
to re-hire his lawyer,
so it wouldn't look like
we were colluding,
which, ironically,
we're now being accused of.
This was all my idea,
Judge.
I'm a little offended
Mr. Denver's
trying to give
someone else credit.
All right, let me stop you
right there, Mr. Delfino.
Without concrete evidence
of your theory,
the law says Ms. Atwood's
private communications
cannot be subpoenaed.
I have evidence. He just didn't
let me get to that part.
Get it, Frank.
This is the victim's
Morgue Transfer sheet,
signed by an investigator
hired by Ms. Atwood's office,
Nate Lahey.
This is proof Mr. Lahey moved
and hid the body
from Ms. Atwood.
Mr. Lahey does not work
on this case, Judge.
He's Ms. Atwood's boyfriend.
Doesn't that matter?
Is this true, Ms. Atwood?
You have a romantic relationship
with Mr. Lahey?
We were at some point,
but it ended before this case.
Were you aware of such
a relationship, Mr. Denver?
The D.A.'s Office imposes
no restrictions on its staff
regarding
workplace relationships.
Mr. Delfino,
though ill-advised,
A.D.A. Atwood and Mr. Lahey
broke no laws.
What about
the Sixth Amendment?
That's the one that says
every defendant has the right
to a fair trial, correct?
Well,
what's happening here?
The prosecution's tampering
with evidence, showing bias,
not to mention they got tons
of conflict of interest.
That's the opposite
of fair.
It's just a damn subpoena,
Your Honor.
Watch your language,
Mr. Delfino.
Sorry.
But you did hit
on a valid point.
Mr. Delfino is correct in that
even just the appearance of bias
can waive the D.A.'s protection
from disclosure.
Only in extreme cases,
Judge.
I find this to be one of those.
I'm granting the subpoena.
Ms. Atwood,
you are hereby ordered
to turn over your e-mails,
calls, and text messages
for the day
the body was transferred.
[ Gavel bangs ]
♪
Denver: You have jeopardized
this case
and the integrity of my office.
Every shred of evidence that you
have been in contact with,
now comes into question.
And all because you needed
to get laid!
I can fix this.
If you just give me a chance --
Are you kidding?
You are suspended!
You will give me
those records
so I can prepare for what is
coming down the line.
I can tell you
what's coming.
♪
This was the only way
we could get at Atwood.
And it's gonna hit her harder
than it hits you.
Annalise.
It's hard to trust me.
God knows --
It worked.
Atwood admitted
she moved Wes's body.
I'm in the clear.
Did they find the body?
[ Knocking on door ]
[ Doorknob turns ]
Hi.
[ Door closes ]
Wow.
You came
all the way over here,
and you still don't know
what to say to me?
How about this.
"I'm sorry, Laurel."
You could start there.
Laurel....
What?
Wes was cremated.
Isn't this good?
I mean, not that it's good.
It's sad.
But if he's cremated,
then we can get
AK's charges dropped.
I mean, any jury's
gonna find that sketchy.
Our it just means Annalise
can't prove she didn't do this.
Is that true?
I don't know.
Where is Annalise?
None of your business.
Now that's sketchy.
Do you have a problem?
Because I understand
why Laurel might be acting
like a little bitch right now,
but not you.
You have no idea.
Asher...
No, BonBon
needs to hear this.
'Cause you know why I think
family's get torn apart?
Because secrets.
Ignore him. He's tired.
No, what is this secret,
Asher?
No, I'm leaving if this is about
to turn into another brawl.
I think Connor's
the anonymous source.
So, Atwood's working
with the Mahoneys,
like I said.
It's possible.
It's true.
We shouldn't jump
to any conclusions right now.
What happened to you
in there?
It's jail. I get it.
It's horrible.
But it's your life
we're talking about.
If you don't care about Wes,
I get that.
But care about yourself.
I care about Wes.
You don't need to say that
just 'cause you think
it sounds good.
I'm still in shock
that he's gone.
He's not your son.
I get it.
You don't need to cry about him
in front of me.
But I do need you
to take action.
Yeah, I do need you
to be the person
that you promised us
you were.
You know,
that's why we've been
following you this whole time
and trusting you.
[ Voice breaking ]
Because you said that
you knew what you were doing!
But now one of us
just got killed,
and we need to find out
who did that!
Connor:
Where's your proof?
Your behavior's my proof.
What the hell
does that even mean?
You keep saying
that Annalise did this,
even though all the evidence
points to the fact
that it was the Mahoneys.
You keep saying
Annalise did this?
He's exaggerating.
No, he's not.
You would defend
your stupid boyfriend.
Even since Wes died,
all you've done is
point the finger at Annalise,
which is suspicious behavior.
The first thing guilty people do
is try to blame someone else.
Like a fart.
If you smelt it, you dealt it.
Fine, I think there's
quite a good chance
that Annalise did this.
Why?
Her phone.
That she had Oliver clear.
Because
it holds information
about a lot of bad things
we all do.
That doesn't mean
that one of them
was killing Wes.
Are you sure?
Yes!
'Cause I'm about
to have proof.
Oliver kept
a copy of Annalise's phone
and has been
going through it.
Are you kidding?
What?!
Are you sure you want to keep
denying Annalise's involvement?
Annalise: You think
I don't care about him?
You really think that?
I don't know.
He wasn't my son.
Maybe it would be easier
if he was.
Then I would know...
how I feel...
...what I feel right now.
All I know is
that it's horrific...
...and I'm sorry.
I'm really sorry.
♪
[ Sobbing ]
I'm just --
I'm so angry.
I know.
He deserved
so much better than this.
He did.
[ Sniffles ]
I promise you that we're gonna
find who did this to him.
We owe him that.
[ Keys jingle, lock turns ]
[ Sighs ] Hey.
Hey, so, uh...
I did something kind of stupid.
Oli?
All this time,
you've been telling me
Annalise was
hiding something
when you're the one
with the secret.
♪
What are
you talking about?
You checked your voicemail
that night.
I kept wondering why it took you
so long to get to the hospital.
I just figured you were
with Thomas the whole time,
boning for six hours.
So I called him.
He said that you left his
apartment hours before the fire,
and that you used his cellphone
to check your voicemail.
You went to Annalise's house
that night, didn't you?
♪
[ Panting ]
1, 2, 3, 4.